Update verified publisher icon (#4465)
dart-lang/site-www: src/tools/pub/publishing.md

* The consumers of your package know that the publisher domain has been verified.
* You can avoid having pub.dev display your personal email address.
  Instead, pub.dev displays the publisher domain and contact address.

> * A verified publisher badge <img src="/assets/img/verified-publisher.svg" width="20" height="20" alt="pub.dev verified publisher logo"> 
>   is displayed next to your package name
>   on both search pages and individual package pages.

Reviewer: **issue (non-blocking):** Update this copy to clean up this sentence.
```suggestion
* The pub site displays a verified publisher badge <img src="/assets/img/verified-publisher.svg" width="20" height="20" alt="pub.dev verified publisher logo"> 
  next to your package name on both search pages and individual package pages.
```
